boards: mimxrt1180_evk: set LinkServer as the default runner (#83946)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/nxp/mimxrt1180_evk/doc/index.rst

Configuring a Debug Probe
=========================

LinkServer is the default runner for this board.
A debug probe is used for both flashing and debugging the board. This board is

> configured by default to use the :ref:`mcu-link-cmsis-onboard-debug-probe`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured by default to use the :ref:`mcu-link-cmsis-onboard-debug-probe`.
```

Configuring a Debug Probe
=========================

> LinkServer is the default runner for this board.

Author: Hi @DerekSnell, 
the documentation section has been changed according to your recommendation.

Using Linkserver
----------------

> Please ensure used linkserver above V1.5.30 and jumper JP5 uninstalled (default setting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure to use linkserver above V1.5.30 and jumper JP5 is uninstalled (default setting).
```

Author: This is the original text, and also can be copy-pasted for other platforms.
@dleach02 
We need a Zephyr NXP documentation reviewer role who is a native English speaker to review current and future documentation.

Author: @mmahadevan108 and @decsny 
The documentation has been improved based on your suggestions.
Thank you.

Reviewer 2: what's the original text from ?

Author: > what's the original text from ?

@lucien-nxp

Reviewer 3: The framework of index.rst is copied from RT1170 and modified, but this part of the content is the experience summed up when doing RT1180 SDK before, and I have described it here. I'm sorry to have caused some misunderstanding to native English speakers
